I feel like this project went a lot better for me than the previous one did. For starters, I made sure to start much sooner and check for any issues with my devices beforehand so that I wouldn't be struggling at the last second like last time.

Starting the project wasn't very hard since I already knew a lot of what I wanted to fix just from the first look at the screenshot. For example, I knew I needed a header with the right colors, font sizes, and text alignment, so those were the first elements I started on in the CSS. Another change I noticed pretty quickly was the overall font, which gave me some trouble because even though I had the right one at the beginning, it didn't look right to me. Getting all the different colors (header background, quiz background, etc...) wasn't too hard because I have the website https://imagecolorpicker.com that finds colors from images (if that wasn't allowed, let me know and I'll fix it to use the CSS predefined colors instead. I just used the website because it's what I use for my own personal website projects). The spacing was the hardest part because a lot of it seemed very random and specific, so I spent a lot of time just staring at the screenshot and comparing my own spacing to it. I also ran into a lot of issues with the spacing because certain elements were overriding others, so I had to go in and change those first before I could fix the elements that actually needed the spacing.

Overall, my process for this project was a lot better because I gave myself the time to properly figure it out. I spent a lot of time on each detail to match the screenshot as best as I could, but I also took breaks when necessary. I also did my best to only stick to resources such as the notes, with the only external websites I referenced being the color picker and W3Schools. I'm much happier with how this project turned out for me compared to last time.